docs: clarify weather tool selection flow (#2981)
modelcontextprotocol/modelcontextprotocol: docs/docs/learn/server-concepts.mdx

   The AI first reads all selected resources to gather context - identifying available dates from the calendar, learning preferred airlines and hotel types from travel preferences, and discovering previously enjoyed locations from past trips.

   The prompt template starts the planning workflow, but it does not have to list every tool call in advance. The AI application can see the tools exposed by connected servers and decides which ones are useful for the user's goal. In this example, because a Weather Server is connected and weather can affect travel plans, the AI chooses to call `checkWeather()`. If the Weather Server were not connected, that tool would not be available, so the AI would need to continue without it, ask the user to connect a weather source, or use another available source of weather context.

>    Using the available context and tools, the AI then executes a series of Tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using this context, the AI then executes the prompt provided by the AI application. In our example, the AI application exposes the weather tools from the connected MCP weather server to the model. Because weather can affect travel plans, the AI chooses to call `checkWeather()` when interpreting the prompt.
    
    As a result the AI executes a series of tools:
```

Author: Applied the suggested wording in 2226f11. CI is green now.
